c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\Photostore.exe.config
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\Photostore.exe
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\Photostore.pdb
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.g.resources
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.exe
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Photostore.pdb
c:\users\thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\Style.baml
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\ImageFunctions.dll
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\ImageFunctions.pdb
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\ResizePanel.g.cs
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\ResizePanel.baml
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\AboutWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Thesharing\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Photostore\Photostore\obj\Debug\AboutWindow.baml
